is the senator one of the senators
traitors who delivered the
foreign companies oil
Pingo Hermosillo handed it to him
Petroleum
our children mexico
millions of pesos
what is it like to see víctor hermosillo deliver
natural resources against the
popular will
please can we have the freedom to
expression
we have the myth of the liberator that
all the freedom of expression we have
because we are not hurting
nobody are telling the truth
musical interior is nourished you are a
traitor to the homeland then when it was
night 60 million poor people in mexico and
they do not have assured that the future of your
great-grandchildren who feels betray the
country against the will the majority of
we Mexicans are against and
deliver our resources from where
come from the man the boots to peña grandson
in the one of the report and the cute one of traveling
with people of his ilk because we formed
part of people who work all the
days
it feels
it's not fair that we get together with the kind of
person that you feel you are a
worker víctor hermosillo that
feels delivering the mines of Mexico to 5
pesos to 10 pesos per hectare
to leave them
you are a traitor dictated in the botillo and
every English night that come with
he're a traitor to Hermosi víctor
you are traitor
and who is a shareholder
it feels like being a traitor that feels
delivering the country's resources
Foreign
is to violate the law for your benefit to
benefit of a little
it feels like they have handed them the 30
million pesos to every senator who
voted in favor of the energy reform
what do you feel
what it feels like you feel hernán cortez
it's because you feel Spanish
in which they consult us if we are of
agreement or not because when this right
to be informed
good to get that you would go back to the pan
Friday you turn to see me panista
achichincles vendepatries because you turn
Then it feels like delivering the country
dictated now the reason
what it feels like to be a scoundrel is already
just be ashamed when they leave
to the street if you know it's embarrassing if
you know what a beautiful shame you do not know
what is shame
what are you going to say we would see benefit
To the country the country is you, you are Mexico
they are scoundrels
you feel santana
you handed over the country's resources after
if there are missing
they sing until they lose a Korean leg
and feels beautiful
what it feels like to be the traitor if you know what
it means
betray traitor for savages is traitor
come down now let him down that traitor quoted
orale
Now it looks like everything there